Regarding music, I think music is of great significance to the 3D environment, which will make the scene less boring and more emotional.

I added a song to the whole scene (Tsushima Suite: V. Seiiki). It's a good song that can show the mood. Because I think the way my transformation is presented is not these online models, but the different colors shown every time I pass through the scene, from black and white to a little red and then to color. For me, these may be more representative of my own transformation. The online models are more for the atmosphere of the whole scene.

I hope that when the player's experience changes, it will also be accompanied by a transition in the music. So for me, this is a good song. I have tried playing it at a normal speed and it can match the beat.

When I was writing this blog, I was actually thinking about the transformation expressed in the scene and my choice. I don’t think it was a bad choice. In fact, when I first went to university in Italy, I accidentally chose the film major. I thought it would be cool to be a director at the time, but I changed my major after a few days and then the matter was never resolved. So sometimes I wonder what I am doing if I am still studying film. So when it comes to transformation, other ideas have emerged in my mind, but the idea of ​​making a movie scene that I like and how its director changed my view of movies has not changed, so I did this. I always don’t know what to choose and what to do, or I am a person who has ideas in vain.

Back to the point, just having a background music is not enough, so I also put some small sound effects on the torii to enhance the feeling of transformation. And I put different sounds of wind chimes and Buddhist bells in different torii, because the color tone of walking out of the torii is the same, and what it represents must be the same.

Finally, I added some sound of running water beside the waterfall, because Kurosawa's films always have mountains, rivers, and clouds. I don't really want to add too much sound, because keeping it natural is also a way for me. Adding too much sound, if not controlled well, will make the scene noisy and disorderly🎶.