Unfortunately, I was a bit slow and my file was a bit large. Unity Play supports a maximum of 200MB, so I recorded a screencast for my family.

They think the whole process went smoothly without any major problems. Of course, the whole environment is still far from good.

There are still many details to be adjusted, such as the interaction of objects. If possible, it would be better to make some enterable houses or buildings. The beauty of the model placement needs to be further improved. In addition, the ups and downs of the terrain in the whole scene can be made more exaggerated, such as cliffs, so that the scene will be more impactful. From the feedback

For me personally, I feel that I have not been able to do it at this stage and I feel regretful about it. Like I said before, I have always wanted to add a wind navigation. As long as I press a certain button, the wind will guide the direction, thereby driving the interaction of objects in the entire scene. Also, if the leaves are swaying in the wind while the wind is blowing, the scene will be taken to a higher level. There is another point that I have not done, which is the weather. At the beginning, I actually wanted to set it to rainy day at the beginning, but because of my ability, I was not able to realize it in the end. The last point is also a pity for me. I actually wanted to make some differences in the character animation at the beginning, middle and end. For example, at the beginning, it walks slower or even crawls forward, becomes faster in the middle but still slower, and finally there is a change in color and the character's footsteps become lighter. This is actually an effect I want to achieve, but unfortunately, at this stage, I am not capable enough to achieve such an effect.
